Add docs for custom formatters (only Ruby examples) (#249)
cucumber/docs: content/cucumber/reporting.md

    - `#expression`: The expression used in the step definition, as in `"I have {int} cukes in my belly"` (when a
      Cucumber expression is used) or `/I have (\d+) cukes in my belly/` (when a regular expression is used)
    - `#file`: The file where the step definition occurs, as a string, as in `"features/step_definitions/cuke_steps.rb"`
    - `#file_colon_line`: The file and line where the step definition occurs, as a string, as in
      `"features/step_definitions/cuke_steps.rb:5"`
    - `#location`: Alias of `#file_colon_line`
    - `#to_hash`: A hash of data about the step definition, such as `{:source=>{:type=>"cucumber expression", :expression=>"I fail"}, :regexp=>{:source=>"^I fail$", :flags=>""}}`

#### test_run_started
The `test_run_started` event is fired at the beginning of the test run. It has one attribute:
* `test_cases`: The test cases included in the test run. This is an array of `Cucumber::Core::Test::Case` objects. Each
  of these objects responds to the following instance methods:
    - `#all_locations`: Returns an array with the location of each element (feature, scenario, and step) in the feature
      file for the test case.

>     - `#all_source`: Returns an array of the features, scenarios, and steps in the test case, as strings, less the keywords

Reviewer: As someone with English as a non-primary language, the wording "less the keywords" is a tiny bit confusing. Can you use other words to say the same thing?

Author: Good feedback, thank you!

    - `#around_hooks`: Returns an array of the Around hooks associated with that test case
    - `#feature`: Returns the name of the feature for the test case

>     - `#keyword`: Returns the keyword associated with the test case (`"Feature"`, `"Scenario"`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `#keyword`: Returns the Gherkin keyword associated with the test case (`"Feature"`, `"Scenario"`, etc.)
```

    - `#language`: Returns the language indicated for the test case, as a `Gherkin::Dialect` object
    - `#location`: Returns the location of the first scenario in the test case
    - `#name`: Returns the name of the feature for the test case

>     - `#source`: Returns the names of the features and scenarios in the test case, as strings, less the keywords

Reviewer: (this is another "less the keywords"; I will refrain from marking it out further.)

* `test_case`: The `Cucumber::Core::Test::Case` object (described above) that is about to be executed.

#### test_case_finished
The `test_case_finished` event is fired when a `Cucumber::Core::Test::Case` has finished executing. It has two attributes:
* `test_case`: The `Cucumber::Core::Test::Case` object (described above) that has just finished
* `result`: The result (passed, failed, pending, skipped) of the test case

#### step_activated
The `step_activated` event is fired when a test step has been activated. It has two attributes:
* `test_step`: The `Cucumber::Core::Test::Step` object (described above) that has been activated
* `step_match`: A `Cucumber::StepMatch` object. This object responds to the following instance methods:
    - `#args`: The arguments passed to the step
    - `#backtrace_line`: The backtrace line from the step definition including the file, line, and step expression
    - `#format_args`: The text of the step
    - `#location`: The step definition file where the step is defined
    - `#step_arguments`: The arguments passed to the step
    - `#step_definition`: The `Cucumber::Glue::StepDefinition` object (described above) corresponding to the step

>     - `#text_length`: The integer length, in characters, of the step text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `#text_length`: The number of characters of the step text
```

#### test_step_started
The `test_step_started` event is fired just before each `Cucumber::Core::Test::Step` is started. It has one attribute:
* `test_step`: The `Cucumber::Core::Test::Step` object that has just started. This object responds to the following
  methods that may be useful for the purposes of your formatter:
    - `#action_location`: The feature file in which the step appears and the location of its scenario within that file,

>       in the form `features/file.feature:line`

Reviewer: This specification clarity is 🎉

    - `#location`: The feature file in which the step appears and the location of the step within that file, in the same
      form as described under `#action_location`
    - `#source`: The Gherkin source of the feature file in which the step appears, less keywords

>     - `#text`: The text of the step, less its keyword

Reviewer: (Oh, this is another "less its keyword", almost the same form, but not find-and-replaceable)

API. {{% text "ruby" %}}The formatter class should live in the `features/support` directory. {{% /text %}}To use your custom formatter, run Cucumber using the `--format` flag:
```
cucumber --format CustomFormatter
```

## Formatter API
Cucumber uses an event-based API for its formatters. These formatters respond to several defined events, with
event handlers defined in the formatter's constructor. 
{{% block "ruby" %}}
A sample formatter could look like this:
```ruby
class CustomFormatter
  attr_reader :io

  def initialize(config)
    @io = config.out_stream

    # Using a block
    config.on_event :test_step_started do |event|
      io.puts 'Started test step'
    end

    # Passing in a method
    config.on_event :test_step_finished &method(:print_finished)
  end

  def print_finished(event)
    io.puts 'Finished test step'
  end
end
```
{{% /block %}}

### Configuration object
The formatter initializer is passed a {{% text "java,dotnet" %}}Cucumber configuration{{% /text %}}{{% text "ruby" %}}`Cucumber::Configuration`{{% /text %}} object. This is the 
[configuration for the test run](https://docs.cucumber.io/cucumber/configuration/),

> including default configurations and [options](https://docs.cucumber.io/cucumber/api/) passed in at the command line.

Reviewer 2: Looks like "options" is linking to the general /api page; I think it should link to a particular heading. If you don't know how, I can help with that. Could you find the correct heading to link to?

It can be useful to access these options, so that your formatter can modify its behavior in response to user directives.

### Event objects
Every time an event is fired, an event object is passed to the corresponding handler. Each event object belongs to

> a class corresponding to its name. {{% text "ruby" %}}For instance, the `gherkin_source_read` event creates a

Reviewer 2: I've added additional "block" and "text" tags to some (but not yet all!) things that are obviously Ruby specific. I'd like to have some people who have more knowledge of the Java/Javascript/Dotnet implementations of formatters check that what I think is generic for all languages is *in fact correct* for all languages. (@mpkorstanje would you be willing to help for the Java part, please?)

`Cucumber::Events::GherkinSourceRead` object.{{% /text %}} Each of these objects provides a different API to access relevant
data such as Gherkin source, feature and step names, and passed/failed status of a step or test case. {{% text "ruby" %}}All events inherit the methods `#attributes`, `#event_id`, and `#to_h` from the parent class.{{% /text %}}

> **Note:** Following are the event objects for Cucumber Ruby; other programming languages might have slightly different events.

Reviewer 2: I've put this note in for the time being. I'd prefer to generalize the information below for different languages. I'm happy to work on that myself, hopefully with some help from @mpkorstanje and @charlierudolph. If so, this note can be removed.

Author: Thank you!

```
{{% /block %}}

# Custom formatters

> The Cucumber formatter API is easily extensible. A formatter can be any class implementing the event-based formatter

Reviewer 3: maybe a nitpick, but I don't think this is easy. Dependent on your ability. 

Although having said that I don't know what I'd say here. Maybe something like `The cucumber formatter API is readily extensible`??

Author: OK, I'll give you that one.

Author: Changed.

> API. The formatter class should live in the `features/support` directory, or alternatively, may be required when you

Reviewer 3: I think we're "trying" to only teach the consumers the basic / best setup scenarios. So we shouldn't tell them to house support files outside of `features/support` - In theory this negates 246/247

Author: That's fair. We should definitely lean towards documenting best practices over other stuff.

Author: Done.

run Cucumber using the `--dir` flag. To use your custom formatter, run Cucumber using the `--format` flag:
```
# Assumes CustomFormatter class is housed in the features/support directory
cucumber --format CustomFormatter
# Requires the directory containing the custom formatter
cucumber --format CustomFormatter --dir formatters
```

## Formatter API
Cucumber uses an event-based API for its formatters. These formatters respond to several defined events, with
event handlers defined in the `#initialize` method of the formatter. A sample formatter could look like this:

```ruby
class CustomFormatter
  attr_reader :io

  def initialize(config)
    @io = config.out_stream

    # Using a block
    config.on_event :test_step_started do |event|
      io.puts 'Started test step'
    end

    # Passing in a method

>     config.on_event :test_step_finished &method(:print_finished)

Reviewer 3: Qu) Do we want to use this shorthand proc syntax (I know in other areas some people are against it). I know `&:` is used fairly commonplace.

I'm personally against it as it's a bit harder to understand the method signature. But if It's used elsewhere it's fine.

Author: @luke-hill We use it in our own code lol. I personally do think it's good if people have longer/more involved event handlers - keeps the `#initialize` methods from getting out of hand and unreadable. I could definitely be swayed on this though.

Reviewer 3: I don't really have enough knowledge to sway you, keep it as is. You've got more knowledge than me on this.

`Cucumber::Events::GherkinSourceRead` object. Each of these objects provides a different API to access relevant
data such as Gherkin source, feature and step names, and passed/failed status of a step or test case. All events
inherit the methods `#attributes`, `#event_id`, and `#to_h` from the parent class.

#### gherkin_source_read
The `gherkin_source_read` event is fired after the contents of a new feature file have been read. It has two
attributes:
* `path`: The file path of the feature file that has been read
* `body`: The raw Gherkin contained in that file, as a string

#### step_definition_registered
The `step_definition_registered` event is fired after each step definition has been registered. It has one
attribute:
* `step_definition`: The `Cucumber::Glue::StepDefinition` object that has just been registered. This object responds
  to the following instance methods:
    - `#backtrace_line`: The file, line, and step definition that will appear in a backtrace, as in:
      `features/step_definitions/cuke_steps.rb:5:in "this step passes"`
    - `#expression`: The expression used in the step definition, as in `"I have {int} cukes in my belly"` (when a

>       Cucumber expression is used) or `/I have (\d+) cukes in my belly/` (when a regular expression is used)

Reviewer 3: Would this be anchored as regex? I'm not sure, but just thought I'd ask.

Author: @luke-hill I would think it would depend on whether it was anchored in the step definition the user wrote, which it generally should be. I'll go ahead and change this anyway.
